They're memories that have
persisted for 30 million years.
Memories of when
people's feelings transcended time
amid its ceaseless,
never-reversing, never-crossing flow.
Memories of when people's feelings
arrived at the gates of fate.
A dream...?
intertwined threads grate against each other
and overwrite their contradictory scenes
The irrationality leads to several crossed lines
that nullify love and even the future
All of the irreplaceable
connections and attachments
that come to mind with each new scene
are imprinted on these bright, dazzling badges
I believe it.
The world flies away, and as the end begins
it engulfs the inconvenient future
Wracked by the déjé vu of utter loneliness
the circuits are eventually cut
With 1s replaced by Os,
and with perceptions shifted,
what do your eyes see now?
Hey, you there.
Can you see us?
Why won't you answer?
--I'm talking to you, the stupid-face
on the other side of the screen!
Call me Mayushii!
Lab Member 003, the super haxOr.
Do you have anything to add?
It's "hacker," not "hax0r," nOOb.
He never says anything, does he?
But there has been a development.
Thanks to our constant,
year-long inquisitiveness...
...he's finally produced offspring!
How cute!
Real-lifer. GTFO.
It's indeed clear that
this game contains a secret code
that will reconstruct
the world's ruling structure.
I will expose it!
I, Hououin Kyouma, swear it!
Do you want some barley tea, Daru-kun?
Oh. Yes, plz.
Mayushii, Mayushii.
When you offer tea, you should say, "T4U."
IIT4U I'?
Yeah. As in, "Here's some
tea for you if you'd like."
How about you, Okarin?
Do you honestly believe I'd drink
a plebian beverage such as tea?
I drink the intelligent drink
of choice individuals!
Dk Pepper, right?
Mayuri. Activate Future Gadget #10:
Cool Visitor, if you would!
What?
But this doesn't cool the air very much...
Fear not.
It's been half a day since
we halted continuous operation.
It's filled with plenty of chilly air.
Are you sure?
See? Pleasant, isn't it?
It doesn't feel much different
from an ordinary fan.
If anything, the motor gives off
more heat than it gives off cool air.
The tea isn't very cold anymore, either.
SHence!
This new invention goes far beyond--
Shutting down like that
is bad news for save files...
You“).!
If I lost my save
with every portrait unlocked,
I'm gonna kill you and then kill myself!
--Tears...?
--Okabe!
--Crap!
--Get your ass down here!
If you need to see me, logic dictates
that you come up here, Mr. Brown.
Shut up! I'll raise your rent by 5,000 yen!
I'll be right there!
Oh! Nae-chan!
Big Sis Mayuri!
Summer, 2010...
A year has passed since I reached
the Steins Gate world line.
In this world,
Mayuri doesn't end up dead...
...Kurisu doesn't get murdered...
...and time machines
and D-mails never exist.
Time marches forward here
with no reversions and no revisions,
free from any other world lines.
Mayuri?
Okarin!
ls something the matter?
No...
Say, Okarin.
Are you really okay?
Yes. I have a mission I must complete.
The survival of the
Future Gadget Laboratory depends on it.
--A dangerous mission
given to me by Mr. Brown--
Then I should be going.
Ruka-kun is waiting.
Welcome back.
Are you on summer holiday?
Not your business.
Where is she? Where is she?
Her plane landed a while ago.
She should be here any minute now.
Oh!
Ku risu-chan!
Welcome back!
Mayuri! You came all this way for me?!
Mm!
I just couldn't wait!
It's good to see you again.
It's been a while!
Urushibara-san, right?
Yes!
But he's a dude.
You can stop by the lab, right?
O-Of course. It's still early
in the day and all.
Wow.
The station's changed a lot, too.
Yeah. There's a brand-new
Gunbam café and an idol shop!
Even the Radio Building was rebuilt!
So much can change in one year.
What about the lab?
Nothing much has changed, I guess.
But guess what!
Daru-kun made a friend!
A girl friend!
No way!
She's a cosplayer.
Amane... Yuki-san, was it?
Yes. I hear they met online.
She's really cute, too.
Cute...?
This is her!
Wait, is Hashida's family
rich or something?
No, I don't think so.
Then did he win the lottery or something?
I haven't heard anything like that, either.
--Then he must be--
--Oh!
There's Daru-kun!
Daru-kun!
Oh! Mayush--
Whoa, Ms. Makise!
--Long time--
--You're tricking her! Just admit it!
Huh? What are you talking about?
Daru-kun is tricking her?
I don't think he is...
He even said they
exchanged photos the other day.
What photo did you send her?
Err, well...
Adobe® Photoshop®, huh?
Yes, this is the only way a girl
would ever get close to a pervert like you.
That's cruel! It's not nice to judge!
But she said she likes
bear-like guys, didn't she?
Mm.
When a girl says, "l love bear-like people!"
she's not saying, "Fatties OK."
Whoa, you scare me.
I see the place is as messy as ever.
Ku risu-chan!
T4u!
Th,“!
Still talk like an @channe|er, I see.
Shut up!
Still, Okarin's really late.
He said he was going to
Ame-Yoko to buy something
right after his errand for Mr. Brown.
What a shame. Ms. Makise is here and all...
I-It's fine!
Are you all right, Kurisu-chan?
L-I 'm okay, Mayuri!
In fact, I'm relieved he's not here!
Now I don't have to
waste energy dealing with him.
A template tsundere, FTW.
lam nothing of the sort!
Curse that Mr. Brown.
Sending me to that lousy,
far-flung parts shop...
It's me! Yes, that's right!
The Organization has sent
yet another agent!
What?! An emergency request?!
Yes! All right!
If that's the choice of Steins Gate!
El Psy Congroo.
He's still as obnoxious as ever.
Sorry.
Long time, no see, Assistant.
I mean, Christina.
I mean, experiment-loving pervert girl...
...or "pervert" for short!
It's possible to be too rude!
And that isn't an abbreviation!
From your reaction,
it would seem you're indeed
the bona fide Christina...
...Christina!
Quit it with the "tina" already!
Still, Hisstina!
The Future Gadget Laboratory
is home to a clandestine organization.
It goes without saying that you
need proper authorization to enter.
Remember that.
I'm a member of this lab.
I have the right to come and go as I please.
You're absent from the lab for
nearly a year, yet claim you have rights?
--And you call yourself my assistant?!
--It's like the good old lab is back.
--I'm not your assistant or Christina!
--Yes! I'm very happy!
--You're right. You're actually an
experiment-loving, perverted genius girl.
--No!
Why have you come to Japan, pervert girl?
Are you here to apologize
for ditching the lab?
Why should I have to
apologize for anything?!
I only stopped by because
there's a conference in Japan!
Plus, I missed Mayuri!
Here! A souvenir!
Oh! Really?!
Thank you!
It's a sewing set I found overseas.
For you too, Urushibara-san!
Thank you!
Did you get an uncensored
North American version of something for me?
That'd get you arrested at customs.
I have nothing for you guys.
I only came to see them, after all.
I never hoped for anything
from the very start!
Now, begone from here at once!
You don't need to tell me! I will "begone"!
I need to check in to my hotel anyway.
Aww! You're leaving already?
I'm in Japan for a little while.
I'll get in touch again.
Kyouma! We're here, meow!
Sorry... to disturb you.
Faris-chan and Moeka-san!
What are you doing here?
Huh? Aren't we having
a barbecue, meow?
Kyouma came by and told us, meow!
He said we should have a barbecue
today because you're visiting!
He... e-mailed me.
--Okarin...
--What?!
Increased solar storm activity
is producing auditory hallucinations
and highly improbable
communications signals all over?!
Oh, no!
Don't tell me the Seven Sages
of Seiryuzan have taken action, meow?!
Absolutely inexcusable!
--Forget apologies! I demand--!
--Calm down.
Having all the lab members gather like this
must be the choice of Steins Gate.
Mayuri! Ready a round table meeting!
Right!
Rukako.
Y-Yes?!
You've forgotten the code phrase.
E-El... Psy...
...Congree?
It's "Congroo," Ruka-kun!
Kurisu-chan! You have time, right?!
l-l suppose.
No more tsundere, okay?
You too, Okarin!
Sheesh...
He just always has to hide his feelings.
--Mixy, mixy! Mixy, mixy!
--Woot!
Eye Contact Mixy-Mixy Yakisoba!
--Mixy, mixy!
--Oh, you pain me so, Faris-tan!
Oh, I think that might be
a little undercooked...
That's all right.
Oh, I want to die this instant!
And let this feeling last forever...!
It was undercooked.
The next one was okay!
Oh! You can eat green peppers, Nae-chan!
I'm impressed!
Yeah! But my dad won't eat them at all!
One year, huh...
What... was that?
Okabe!
What is it, Christi--
I just can't accept it, however I look at it!
What are you talking about?
Time machines!
--They're theoretically impossible!
--You're too close!
Wait, are you...?!
But we only brought non-alcoholic beer--
Huh?
Now this is a beer!
Hey, are you listening to me?
--A-About what?
--About what you said before.
You told me about it
when you came to America!
Other world lines and stuff
that happened to other versions of me...
And then, while I was so
confused by it all, you went and...
I went and...?
W-W-Wait! You're going to
bring that up here?! Now?!
What?
So it's really that embarrassing for you?
Oh, err, uhh...!
To be honest, it made me feel...
It made me feel...
H-Hey!
ls something the matter, meow?
Wha...?! No.,,!
My special End-of-the-Century
Yakisoba is almost ready, meow!
This guy never sent me
a single e-mail since last summer!
Even after what he did--
and saying that he loves me--
now he's blaming it on other world lines»!
Knock it off! Come with me!
Let go! Let go of me!
Whoa, watch it!
Okabe...
Y-Yeah...?
Hold me.
Wh-What are y--
Wham?
Rub, rub!
--Wh-Whoa! Hold on!
--Rub, rub!
It feels prickly...
What if someone shows up?!
--That a problem?
--Huh?!
Don't want anyone to see, huh?
N-No, it's not like that--
Then you're okay with it!
N-No, I don't think it's--!
Which is it?!
Which one is your so-called
"choice of Steins Gate"?!
Err, what I mean is...!
Make up your mind already!
Whoa! Wait!
Here, Assistant.
Use this to cool your head.
Th-Thanks.
You're unbelievable.
What do you mean by that?
Are you still gonna bicker with me?
I'm the one who should say
you're unbelievable.
I'm a scientist.
I refuse to believe in things like
past-life encounters and fate.
Not to mention world lines
and time machines.
I know.
Even so, however hard I try
to deny it with logic,
there's still something about it all...
Something that gets my head all mixed up.
Oh, this is just...!
A spoon and a fork?
You wanted some before, remember?
Oh, right. I did...
But I've never told you about that.
Oh, yeah. On this world line...
It almost feels like
you're peeking into my mind.
Sorry. I'm going to rest a bit.
M-Mm.
Oh!
You're going to miss out
on the yakisoba, Okarin!
O-Oh, right.
Hey, Mayuri.
I told you before, right?
About how I traveled across
other world lines to get here...
Yeah.
And you were with other Mayushiis
and Kurisu-chans, right?
What's your opinion of that?
Why do you ask?
It's Kurisu, you see...
I don't think you're lying,
so it's probably true!
But that might be because
I don't understand complicated stuff,
but Kurisu-chan is smart and is
thinking hard about what you're saying.
Well, I'll be on the roof!
Time machines can't be...
What is this?!
Mayuri!
Okarin.
Do you know where
we put the new dishcloth?
If it's not on the top shelf, then...
Was it under the stove?
Here you are, New Mr. Dishcloth!
What's the matter, Okarin?
This is...
Eating outside sure is fun,
even on top of the lab!
Yeah!
I feel all the feels
having a barbecue with Faris-tan!
“Mayuri!
--What?!
--Come with me!
--Okarin! What's wrong?!
Get up, Kurisu!
--Hurry!
--What's going on?
Just hurry!
Okabe! What in the world-f?!
Quiet...
Hey, guys. You forgot this on the roof--
Don't move!
Wh-What is this, Okabe?! Why are you--?
Kurisu! Hurry and start
the time leap machine!
There's no time! Hurry!
Calm down, Okabe! There is no such thing!
Don't be stupid!
It's sitting right there on the--!
This is... the Steins Gate world line?
H-Huh?
Steins...?
That's right! You told me about it before!
This is the world line you finally reached!
Oh...
I'm sorry.
What the hell was that?
What was that I just saw?
A dream? A delusion?
No. It was definitely real!
I was on a different world line.
I haven't used any D-mails
or time machines, though...
No! Think calmly!
It's just not possible!
It was a delusion! A daydream!
My memories from other world lines
are simply making it seem real--
This is a nice view!
I guess humans need
times like this too on occasion!
I'd rather be working on
the time leap machine.
I'm so hot...
How did I get myself into this?
Oh, Daru-kun. You really should
exercise more. You're overweight.
What is this place?
Talk about pathetic.
You'll never survive like that.
Suzuha“.
You're going 150 Pa)!-
You're all going to pay for driving my dad...
--FB! FB! FB! FB!
--...to his death.
Stop...
Stop!
Now they're... lasting longer?
Okarin.
Mayuri...
Are you okay?
Y-Yes! I'm fine!
Sorry about earlier.
My right arm decided
to run amok on its own, you see.
It's all right. It was a little scary, though.
You're sweating so much!
Sorry to bother you...
No, it's okay. This is all I can really do.
I've had this dream lately.
In it, you keep saving me. Over and over.
I always end up making you look sad...
Mayuri.
It's just a dream.
Okarin...
--It's a dream. Nothing more.
--Mm. You're right.
--Let's go.
--Mm.
You held me like this then too.
Thanks, Okarin.
Excuse me!
Good morning, Faris-chan!
Good meowning!
How does it look?
B-Bad, Sir.
It's no good?
This month's utility bill alone
puts us 28,568 yen in the red.
Maybe I seriously should raise their rent!
Since I'm in Japan and all,
I should take a nice,
long bath at least once...
Who's there?
The hotel maid?
I'm sure I put up the "Do not disturb" sign.
Huh?
What's going on?
Makise Kurisu.
There isn't much time, so I'll just say this.
Who are you?
Cell phone.
Microwave oven.
SERN.
Don't forget.
As long as you don't forget,
you have a chance.
As long as you keep observing...
...you can do it.
Who's there?
Cell phone... Microwave oven... SERN...?
What was that?
They didn't steal anything, but, still...
I'm creeped out.
I think I'll switch to a different room.
Hmm?
What creeps you out, Christina?
I-It's nothing!
Nothing scary happened to me
at my hotel at all...
A-Anyway! What are you doing here?!
That's my line to you.
I'm removing the decorative
honors known as grime
that I've amassed over the
course of my daily research,
while also reflecting upon
my successes thus far.
Please don't disturb me.
Unfortunately, this is neither
the lab nor your home!
Let me through!
Even if I am reluctant
to do laundry with you.
Hey.
Don't open that.
You should empty it as soon as it's done!
Wow, this lab coat's seen better days.
Sheesh.
Assistant. Those are Daru's...
...panties.
Good thing I brought disinfectant!
Daru would be saddened by that reaction.
It's not my fault! You're always
wearing that tattered lab coat!
Of course I mistook the two!
The fact that it's in tatters
is what gives it character.
Only to a point!
See? Your sleeve is torn.
Give it here. I'll sew it for you.
Wh-What?
No... It's nothing.
Even I carry a sewing kit, you know.
Oh, right.
Here.
It's a lab coat we use overseas.
You should at least have a spare.
It's American, so it should fit
your height perfectly, just by luck.
Oh...
You bought it just for me?
N-No! It's just coincidence!
They just gave me an extra one they had!
Plus... You did give me
the spoon and fork...
Before you can say anything...
No complaining about my sewing work.
Also, I don't have any white thread...
I see.
What is it?
Nothing...
More alternate world line stuff?
Yes. But also no.
What kind of self-contradicting
nonsense is that?
It's true that my
Reading Steiner ability has allowed me
to retain memories of
other world lines that I've observed.
Countless world lines exist,
all continually converging and diverging.
I drifted along them,
until I miraculously reached
the one and only
world line I kept looking for.
On this world line, you're right here,
sitting in front of me,
and Mayuri is working at May Queen.
That's all that matters.
That's all that I want.
Okabe...
It's possible I've told you
too much again on this world line,
just to have you know more about me.
I apologize.
--Wh-What brought all this on?!
--That's all I have to say.
Your hands have stopped, Assistant.
Y-Yes, I know!
I just... can't help but wonder
if everything you said is true.
I don't blame you for being skeptical.
The idea of multiple world lines existing...
I don't mean that.
Assuming countless world lines do exist,
it's hard to believe you're the only one
who can retain memories across them.
The idea of the Reading Steiner
being yours alone...
Does that bother you?
Not really. It's just...
For example, I'm sewing
your lab coat for you right now.
There's no explanation for it,
but for some reason...
...| feel like I've done
this exact same thing before.
Sounds like déjé vu, doesn't it?
I thought so too.
But it happens a lot whenever I'm with you.
Tell me. Have I done this same thing
on a different world line?
I have, haven't I?
What's your point?
Déjé vu.
It's said to be a memory glitch that occurs
when short-term memory
and long-term memory overlap.
In other words, it's caused
when memories get out of sync.
On the other hand, your
Reading Steiner ability retains memories
of multiple world lines that are produced
whenever the past is changed.
The two share one thing in common:
They're both memory malfunctions
caused by the brain
due to unsynchronized memories.
As evidence, I just correctly attributed
a memory I recognized as déjé vu
to an event that occurred
on a separate world line.
Are you saying déjé vu
is a form of Reading Steiner?
It'd be difficult to prove, but it is possible.
I plan to write a paper on it after I fly back.
You never change, do you?
You inane, experiment-loving girl.
I'll take that as a compliment.
So tell me whenever
anything unusual happens.
That'll make it easier--
Too-too-roo! Lunch break!
Mayushii. Did you get me a lunch?
Yeah!
Today's is a Juicy #1 Chicken Tender
lunch set! It's a new item!
Huh? Didn't we have that yesterday?
--Doing more inventing?
--Yeah.
I was just upgrading
Future Gadget #10: Cool Visitor.
It's perfect this time!
You sure love to invent, Daru-kun!
That is why I founded
the Future Gadget Laboratory, FWIW.
Oh, Kurisu-chan!
What's wrong?
Wh-Where is he?!
Who?
You know!
He was with me at the laundromat
and just suddenly disappeared!
Who are you talking about?
What do you mean?
I'm talking about, you know...
The person who's always here.
This lab's founder.
This lab's?
That'd be me.
Huh? Wh-What are you talking about?
Do you maybe mean Ruka-kun?
No!
Faris-tan? Or Ms. Kiryuu?
No! You know! Err...
Oh, yes! Lab Member 001!
001?
001 is unused.
We told you before, remember?
We decided to leave 001 open.
B-But...
Then... whose lab coat is this?!
It's yours, of course.
Mine?!
You're right...
Why was I so flustered?
I was worried that
something had happened!
S-Sorry!
Have you gone wacko too, Ms. Makise?
No!
I think that moment was
the first time things felt "off" to me.
Something was missing.
Something that was always around
was now clearly gone.
I was certain of it...
...yet I didn't know what it was.
Things felt wrong. As if this world
wasn't real, but a fabrication.
I was worried someone
might be manipulating my memory
while simultaneously fearing
that this was all a delusion
and that I'd just lost my mind.
I was filled with
both the urge to remember
and the temptation to forget
everything and be at peace.
These feelings
constantly clashed inside me...
A week later, after the feeling
of "wrongness" had begun to fade away...
And Personal Spoon
...a hint presented itself.
My personal fork?
As long as you don't forget,
you have a chance.
Hello?
Do you have a minute?
Super Fappy Time just ended,
so I'm all ears.
Too much information!
You've heard of SERN, right?
Eep! What the heck?
Did you sneak a peek at my PC?
What are you talking about?
I hacked into it on my own, TBH.
You hacked into SERN?!
--What for?
--Well, because...
I'm not sure.
Stay at the lab. I'll be right there!
Cell phone...
SERN!
Oh, that's a cute ribbon!
Isn't it, though?
Do you want to try it on? I have
plenty of other costumes for Comima!
Cosplay, huh...
Oh, are you interested?
O-Of course not!
I couldn't dress like that in public...
It's done!
Ta-dah!
I win!
You got us!
But we're done too.
It's finished now!
This is...
This is the time leap machine, zomg?
I don't fully believe it, either.
But we're taking brain signals,
usurping SERN's LHC to compress them,
and then sending them back in time
with this microwave oven.
Theoretically, it's sound.
How'd you come up with all this?
If anything, it'd be more correct
to say that I "remembered" it.
You mean you've made this before?
No, I have no memory of it.
But I can recall it in bits and pieces.
Time Leap Machine
Wait, is it déjé vu then?
I don't know.
But, for example, Hashida.
What made you decide to hack into SERN?
Huh? Well...
I guess I thought it'd be |33t and exciting...
ls that all?
Was there...
Was there some part of you
that said you needed to do it?
Mayuri.
Why do you always buy that Dk Pepper?
Huh? I just figure someone will drink it...
Neither Hashida nor I
are particularly fond of it.
Neither are you, I assume.
But you buy some almost every day.
Hmm... I guess you're right...
Somethings...
Something's not right.
Something's missing.
What is?
I don't know.
That's why...
No way!
You're really going to use this, Kurisu-chan?
I'm hesitant, too.
If this really does send me back in time,
it's possible I might alter past events
and drastically affect the world.
But I can't ignore
this current situation, either.
What do you plan to do?
I'll go back to the day before
I went to the laundromat.
I remember most everything I did then.
Huh? You can go back more than 48 hours?
Who said that 48 hours is the limit?
Wham?
Why didl assume that?
I'll act in line with my memories
and minimize my impact on past events.
There's only one thing I need to ascertain.
I need to figure out
why things feel "wrong" now.
Do you think this will work?
If it doesn't, I'll leave it at that.
And I'll never use this machine again.
Neither should you two.
We're in.
Are you sure about this, Ms. Makise?
If you would, Hashida!
I Kay.
Here goes nothing!
--Mixy, mixy! Mixy, mixy!
--Woot! Eye Contact Mixy-Mixy Yakisoba!
--Mixy, mixy!
--Oh, you pain me so, Faris-tan!
Oh! You can eat green peppers, Nae-chan!
I'm impressed!
--Yeah! But my dad won't eat them at all!
--Nae-chan... Mayuri...
Hashida...
Fa ris-san...
The shopkeeper...
Kiryuu-san...
And Urushibara-san...
Okabe?!
What's wrong, Kurisu-chan?
ls something the matter with Okarin?
O-Okabe?
How did I forget him?
No... I hadn't forgotten.
It was as if he had never existed.
Now, then!
As this lab's founder,
I would like to make a toast!
First, does everyone have a drink, meow?
Geez, hurry up! Cheers!
Now Okabe has never existed...
Here, Big Sis!
I wonder if Okarin will have any shrimp...
Okabe!
It looks like your time leap was a success.
Who is this?
On the building to your right.
To talk to you about this, Makise Kurisu...
...| first needed you to become
an observer of this world.
Observer?
By time-leaping to this point,
you're now able to perceive
Okabe Rintaro's disappearances--
Wait!
First, just who are you?
Sorry! I haven't introduced myself, have l?
I'm Amane Suzuha.
I came from the future...
...in a time machine your future self built.
That I built?
I don't blame you for not believing me.
But Okabe Rintaro's existence on
the Steins Gate world line is very fragile.
His memories of other world lines
are overloading his Reading Steiner,
which has made it difficult for him
to stay on this world line.
Then where is he now?!
On the R world line, most likely.
A world line that's only 0.000001% off
from this Steins Gate world line.
This is the one and only world line
that avoids the convergences
of Shiina Mayuri's
and Makise Kurisu's deaths.
Thus, it's less stable than other
world lines and prone to fluctuations.
There also exists an R world line--
one that exists right next to this one.
Okabe Rintaro's memories
from drifting across world lines
have overloaded
his Reading Steiner so much
that he now picks up on those fluctuations
and gets sent to the R world line.
And that results in him
never existing on this world line...
ls that the cause of my dizzy spells?
Okabe!
You were listening?
Yeah.
I find it hard to believe,
but if the Part-Time Warrior
says it's true, then it must be.
Part-Time Warrior? What's that?
Oh, right.
You're not a part-timer
or a warrior on this world line.
Okabe!
Okabe?!
I disappear?
Yes, tomorrow morning.
And after that, it's as if
you've never existed for any of us.
Never existed...
Your powerful memories
from other world lines act as a trigger
and cause you to perceive
this world line's fluctuations.
And then you, observing this world
as reality, end up fluctuating too.
You can't control memories.
This is bad.
Even if you try your hardest
to forget certain memories,
parts of them will always stick with you
whether you want them to or not.
Especially in your case.
You experienced all sorts of intense fear
and sorrow on other world lines.
The feelings of self-blame
remain fresh in your memory, too.
And now you're surrounded
by the exact same people, the same room,
the same city, and the same words.
Trying to forget would be impossible.
Your memories of other world lines
are like dreams, yet aren't dreams.
They're memories that are real,
but shouldn't be real.
That ambiguity makes your awareness
of those memories even more dangerous.
And you came here from the future
to save me from that?
You could say that.
Taking a time machine to the past
is the only way to save Okabe Rintaro.
--Which is why--
--I refuse!
Return to the future right now!
And destroy the time machine.
It must not be allowed to exist!
Destroy it immediately!
Wait!
If she does that...!
After all I went through to time-leap here!
Wait... You're saying...
...you time-leapt here?!
H-Hashida and I built it.
Using a cell phone, microwave oven, and--
Why did you build it?!
Time-leap machines and
time machines mustn't ever be built!
Even if you come up with the theory
or figure out how to make it work,
you must never build one!
Okabe... You're hurting me...
Sorry...
You're going to disappear if I do nothing...
You'll never have existed.
The only way to prevent that
is to change the past--
What if it doesn't work?!
What if you change the past
but it doesn't ﬁx things?
The answer is simple.
You'll try again.
You'll keep going back in time,
trying over and over until you succeed.
As long as there's a way to go back
in time, that's what a person will do!
That's what they'll end up doing!
But it'll only increase their suffering.
A single change to the past
will always affect something else.
Nothing will ever change
exactly as you want.
If you save someone...
...you'll lose someone.
You'll undo dreams
that have finally come true.
You'll take away
long-held wishes and destroy them.
Yet, even after all that, you'll never
achieve the changes you want.
Instead, you'll keep facing
an inescapable reality!
Over and over and over and over...
Can you understand the sorrow of bearing
the responsibility for all those losses,
yet having to repeat it over and over?
Can you understand the horror
of having that wear away at your mind
and take away your humanity?
--But...
--Even if there is a way,
the past must never be changed.
"What ifs" must never be made real.
The fact that nobody knows the future--
the fact that there are no do-overs-
is what lets people accept all sorts of
hardship, pain, and unfair accidents
and then move forward.
Then what are you going to do?!
Okabe...
You're going to disappear
for good, you know!
I... saw it...
A world where you never exist...
A lab with only Mayuri, Hashida, and me...
A lab where no one remembers you...
That's even worse than death!
You'll have lived for nothing!
You won't have lived at all!
I don't care.
Okabe...
All I wanted was for you
and Mayuri to survive
and keep on living into the future.
That's all.
That's all that matters to me.
Everything you're saying now,
everything you've ever done,
and even your name...
It's all going to be forgotten!
But Mayuri won't die,
and you'll live on too.
How long are you going to
keep following me?
I'm not. I'm just going to the station.
Your hotel isn't this way.
I have things to do.
Where?
What does it matter? I can do what I want.
There's one thing I should say.
What is it?
The moment I disappear tomorrow...
...no one around you
will think I ever existed.
But, because you time-leapt here,
you might still remember me.
Y-Yes, that's true.
Everyone has the Reading Steiner ability,
even if just a little bit.
Since you've traveled across time,
you might experience it even more.
So... What are you trying to say?
Forget.
Forget me.
Think of me as someone who
never existed, just as the others will.
Think of this moment as a dream.
It's painful being the only one who
remembers something nobody else does.
You can't talk to anyone about it.
Even if you try, no one understands.
You're all alone.
ls that... how it's always been for you?
If so...
Kurisu...
If so, then I can't accept that.
I need you to exist!
If I listened to you
on a different world line...
...then do the same for me!
Stay with me and hear me out!
You suffered all alone for so long...
...and now you're vanishing all alone...
That's... That's...
...too selfish!
There's nothing to worry about.
Daru is my right-hand man.
You can count on him when you need to.
Despite how she seems, Mayuri is
more mature than you in some ways.
When you're hurting,
you can cry on her shoulder.
She'll be there for you.
So will Faris, Rukako, and everyone else.
There's nothing to worry about.
You dummy!
That's not what I'm trying to say...!
That's not fair...
You do something that'll remain
so intensely in my hippocampus...
...and then ask me to forget?
It's not fair.
Sorry.
It's not fair...
Okabe didn't contact me at all after that.
No calls, no e-mails...
I didn't contact him, either.
I wasn't sure what to say.
There was nothing I could say...
I'm sure the same was true for him...
From‘. Okabe
Goodbye
Dummy...
You dummy!
Why?
Why?!
This makes me seem like the stupid one!
You tell me a bunch of nonsense,
boss me around,
and then say you love me...!
For some reason, I can't forget you!
If l...
If I don't do something now...!
Okarin!
This is the color of Dk Pepper, right?
Indeed. It truly gives off
the aura of intelligence.
I wanna see you wearing it, plzkthx.
Quiet, Perverted Gentleman.
Okabe... Okabe!
What's your problem?!
There's no way I can forget!
After all...
I've known you for a long, long time!
I've had feelings for you
for a long, long time...
And I'll keep feeling that way...
for a long, long time!
Okarin?
Oh, I'm fine.
Big Sis!
Okabe!
Kurisu?!
Okabe, l...!
Mayushii! Tissues!
--Get some tissues!
--Oh, right!
--There! There!
--Tissues, tissues...
Ku risu-chan?
What's wrong?
--Where is he?
--Who?
Him. He was just right there...
Who are you talking about?
I'm talking about, you know...!
The person who's always here.
This lab's founder.
This lab?
That'd be me.
O... kabe...
Rin... ta... ro...
Yes...
Okabe... Rintaro...
What's wrong, Kurisu-chan?
Did someone grope you?
Hashida! Give me your cell phone!
Huh? What for?
Just do it!
And then hack into SERN right away!
“Huh?!
“Quiddy!
This is wrong.
I don't care what you said!
I can't accept this!
You shouldn't, Kurisu-chan.
Mayuri...
I don't really know why,
but I think it'll only bring you pain.
That's when I made up my mind.
I decided to abide by your wishes.
I decided to give up controlling time
and manipulating the past,
and to accept this world--which you
struggled to preserve-as reality.
I decided to forget my memories of you--
even the name "Okabe Rintaro"--
and move forward into the unknown future.
Because that's what you wanted.
Oh, Daru-kun?
Oh, you're not coming today?
It's too hot in the lab,
plus today's the Rai-Net tournament.
Oh...
You should come, too!
You and Faris-tan can do a Twin Battle!
I would, but I'm not
scheduled to work today.
Later, then.
Mm.
Are you ready?
We will now commence
Operation Midgard!
Oh, Moeka-san! What brings you here?
My boss... needs to talk to you.
In short, many believe that neuroscience
has yet to reach any accurate conclusions
regarding the phenomenon of "dreams"
and the function they serve.
I plan to discuss this subject
during my next lecture.
Stimulus
Error
I need to decide where to have dinner...
There's nothing we can do.
Are you serious?!
I gathered up all my pocket money too,
but it's just not enough...
So you're just going to give up?!
We're going to lose the lab!
Why are you so upset?
l~\
Paying rent's been
a pain lately anyways, IMO...
Oh...
I started this lab
thinking we could do something,
but we never really did.
But what about Mayuri?!
Where is she going to go
if we lose this place?!
I'll be fine. I always have the café I work at.
Mayuri...
To be honest, this place has felt
kind of sad and lonely for me too lately.
It's like... something's missing, I suppose.
Missing? What is?
That's the thing. I'm not really sure.
Oh.
--See you later.
--Mm.
The lab isn't going to vanish
right away or anything.
I'll e-mail you if anything happens.
Mm.
Cheer up, Kurisu-chan.
Yeah. I'll be okay.
Well, I should go.
This is reality... This is the world...
That's right.
This is the reality of this world line.
I figured I should see you one last time.
I've decided to return to the future.
If you've decided to accept this world
where Okabe Rintaro no longer exists,
then I have no reason to stay anymore.
I'll ask one final time.
Are you sure you won't change your mind?
Unfortunately, there are no records
of Okabe Rintaro appearing
on this world line any time after this.
In other words, once I leave,
you'll never see Okabe Rintaro again.
Are you really okay with that?
Okabe told me not to
change the past, no matter what.
I agree with him. The risks of altering--
That's not what I'm asking!
How do you feel about it?!
My feelings... won't change.
I should've guessed it would be this way.
The truth is... you build
a time machine in the future.
What do you mean?
Makise Kurisu developed a time machine.
But she kept anyone from using it.
She asked my dad to seal it away.
She says that's what Okabe Rintaro wanted.
In other words,
you keep contradicting yourself.
You want to save Okabe Rintaro
and see him again,
so you devise a way to go back in time
and then build a time machine.
But then you give up,
because you can't be honest with yourself.
You repeat that over and over.
So that's why you...?
I thought maybe your earlier self
might be honest with her feelings.
But it turns out you're hard-headed after all.
What?! That's a rude way to put it!
It's the truth.
I'm a scientist!
I act on logic and certainty!
I can't be swayed by emotions--
You always pretend to be
cool-headed like that!
You're so irritating to be around!
The feeling's mutual!
Okabe Rintaro is gone.
But the world keeps on going,
as if nothing had ever happened.
But you do build a time machine.
What's most important to you?
Your pride as a scientist? Your ethics?
ls that all that matters?
Do you have anything
to live for in this world?!
This is the time machine?
Let's go.
ls this really possible?
Your future self said so.
It's true that altering the past
will move the world line.
So you'll need to change
Okabe Rintaro's memories
without actually changing
any events whatsoever.
His memories?
Okabe Rintaro is unable to perceive this
Steins Gate world line as the real world.
You need to make him recognize
that this world line
is the only one that's
clearly different from all the others.
And his memories are the key to that?
Yes.
You need to plant in him just one powerful
memory that no other world line has.
That will put it into his brain
that this world line
is clearly different from all the others,
thus freeing him from his
overloaded Reading Steiner state.
That is a sound hypothesis.
I have to hand it to my future self.
You never attempted to travel back in time,
though, despite knowing all that.
Sit there.
That's my conscience as a scientist.
It's praiseworthy, if anything.
Narcissist.
How rude. It's not like that at all.
I'm... just a scientist.
You're just like her in that regard.
I guess it's only natural.
You are the same person.
Okay, let's go. What year do you want?
Huh? You haven't chosen?
You should know better than I do
when the best time would be to plant
a powerful memory in Okabe Rintaro's brain.
--2005.
--Based on what?
Something Mayuri told me.
Intense memories are created by
and associated with intense events.
All right. I'll put my trust in you.
Here we go!
The Gs will be intense, so be ready!
It's up to you now.
You won't have a cell phone, so contact me--
Wait, what exactly am I supposed to do?
I told you what the goal is.
But I don't know how to achieve it.
You said you would know how to plant
a powerful memory in him
better than I would.
--My future self said that?
--Yes.
I do have Mayuri's address,
but I have no way to get Okabe's,
since he disappeared from the world line.
I assume it's around here.
But... If I do find him, then what?
How should I talk to him? What should I do?
If I mess up...
"A single change to the past
will always affect something else."
"Nothing will ever change
exactly as you want."
Okabe...
Okabe!
Wait! I need to talk to you!
It's okay. The world will converge.
I see...
So Okabe absolutely won't die there.
It's okay...
I have nothing to worry about...
Even so, I can't help but wonder...
If I were to go back in time again,
would Okabe get hit by a car again?
Or would the past get changed
in an even worse way?
Both are very possible if I interfere.
Even so, Okabe Rintaro
won't die in that time period.
Don't you understand, Amane-san?
The fact that he absolutely won't die then
also means I absolutely
won't be able to save him!
But, your future self says...!
Okabe endured this sense
of helplessness all alone for so long!
But it's too much for me...
Large-sized Garbage
Handling Fee Coupon
Oh, Kurisu-chan! Too-too-roo!
Hello.
Say, would you consider this
furniture or audio equipment?
--You're throwing it out?
--Yeah.
Daru-kun asked me to put stickers
on all the oversized garbage.
Oh.
You seem kind of down.
Yes...
But it can't be helped.
Mm...
Say, Kurisu-chan.
Do you know what "Okarin" means?
For some reason, that word pops
into my head whenever I'm in the lab.
When I'm cleaning up,
when I'm making my costumes,
and even when I'm eating.
No...
Ku risu-chan?
Makise-san!
Urushibara-san.
You're training, I see.
Yes!
I do 100 swings a day,
to unleash the true power
of the Supernatural Sword Samidare!
That's a neat name! Did you pick it?
Yes!
E-Err, no...
Umm, I feel like someone
might've given me this katana.
Stop...
Virus, meow!
Getting Owned by Paris-tan, FTW‘.!
8to 0.
What a one-sided game!
Oh! You came too, Kurisu-chan!
What's everyone doing here?
They were having
Rai-Net battles at May Queen,
when Faris-chan suddenly wanted
to battle our lab's representative!
--Meow.
--Faris-tan summoned me after
I finished my part-time job interview.
- Job?
--Yeah. I'm hoping I can
at least pay the lab's rent.
I think we should keep the lab after all.
Hashida...
But somethings off, meow.
The lab's representative used to be way...
Better?
No, worse, meow. So bad it was scary.
But I also feel like
he was way livelier, meow!
--Real-life combat?
--No, meow!
But, he, like...
Daru-nyan! Do a pose, meow!
L-Like this?
No, meow!
I think I understand.
There's another person.
Another person?
He's not here, but...
Déjé vu.
It's really true...
Déjé vu isn't the brain producing delusions.
Déjé vu is the Reading Steiner ability itself.
It's the memories of countless other yous
on countless other world lines.
They come together...
All the memories come together...
and make who you are now.
The one and only you.
Your intense obnoxiousness could
never truly vanish from anyone's mind.
Even if we think we've forgotten you,
we'll have memories of you
somewhere inside us, always.
I tried to give up.
I tried many times to forget.
I thought it was pointless,
even with a time machine.
Even so, I feel like everyone
is telling me not to forget.
l~\
Ku-nyan? What's wrong, meow?
lam...
...Hououin Kyouma!
My goal is to transform
the world's ruling structure!
For that aim,
the Future Gadget Laboratory
is tasked with creating inventions
that will unleash chaos upon this world!
What? Did the heat make you go crazy?
But I've seen this before, meow.
Stop...
Hold thy tongue, super haxOr!
You're speaking to a mad scientist!
That's your made-up character!
Huh? What am I saying?
Don't remember...
Mayuri! Give me the intelligent
drink of choice individuals!
Good evening!
--Oh?
--Rukako!
“Keep Practi ~
“Enng. Y°our swinging!
‘R'9ht!
Indeed. Through training,
you must unleash
the hidden power in
the Supernatural Sword Samidare.
Right!
Don't...
I can't save him...
Here, Kurisu-chan!
Dk Pepper!
But, you aren't Hououin Kyouma, you know.
Hououin Kyouma is...
...Okabe Rintaro.
Okabe Rintaro...
Oka... Rin...
Okarin? Somehow I know that name.
It's right on the tip of my tongue...
Okarin? Do you mean Kyouma, meow?
Okabe-kun...
Oka-- Kyouma-san!
Okarin...
Okarin...?
I'm not sure who he is,
but my heart feels really warm
whenever I say that name.
I wonder why...
People are always focused on something
important other than themselves...
...just as you observed and watched over us.
Even if you're gone from this world,
even if there are no signs of you here,
people's feelings do transcend world lines.
But...
You'll pass by here soon, just like last time.
I've come this far,
but I don't know what I should do.
What can I do to save you?
Even if feelings transcend world lines,
events still converge.
So what can I possibly do?
Won't anything I do be pointless?
Caught without an umbrella?
You're still sopping wet!
Don't you need an umbrella?!
I don't know anything about Okabe.
All I do know is in bits and pieces.
Just a few memories from this world line
and my déjé vu memories
from other world lines.
Before this, I never would've believed
in time machines or changing past events.
Because I never had anything
I so badly wanted to protect.
But now I've finally found something.
I still haven't told him how I feel at all.
Every time I saw him, I just got stubborn
and bickered for no good reason...
I never got to tell him
what I really wanted to say.
I've been that way since I was a child.
I acted like I could do
everything on my own...
I put up walls around myself,
saying I didn't need anyone's help...
What a horrible kid.
It's no wonder my dad hated me.
But, in truth,
I did want someone to talk to me.
Someone to say, "I'm watching,"
even if I was the only one there.
Are you lost?
There's a girl I've known since I was little...
She's been depressed for a long time.
I don't know what I should say to her...
I wonder if there's nothing I can do...
Do you know who Hououin Kyouma is?
Hououin?
He's a scientist. But no ordinary one.
He's a mad scientist. As mad as they get.
He acted crazy,
and everyone always ridiculed him.
No one ever believed him,
his research, or his discoveries.
But what he discovered
was something no one else could see.
Only he could see it.
He realized it brought people
pain and suffering...
...and that it could even destroy the world.
So he struggled desperately
to protect everyone.
He kept fighting, to save the world.
And, in the end, he managed
to save everyone dear to him.
But not a single person knows that he did.
He remained a mad scientist forever.
He remained a laughingstock forever.
That's a sad story.
Really? I think it's a lovely one.
Now, go on.
I'm sure there's someone waiting for you.
Mayuri!
Okarin?
I won't let you get taken away.
You're my hostage!
You're my living sacrifice
for my human experiments!
CRT
VVOFKShOp
Sanpo Beef Bowls
If you're ready,
I'll now outline Operation Norn.
What are you gawking at?! Pervert!
What...
...are you doing here?
I didn't come here.
You're trying to return to
the Steins Gate world line, from this one.
Think back.
When you wandered across
the world lines, I was always with you.
Mayuri, Hashida, Faris-san,
Urushibara-san,
Kiryuu-san, and Amane-san...
...haven't forgotten you, either!
You're pretty conceited to think you're
propping up the world all by yourself!
Don't forget.
No matter what world line
you're on, you aren't alone.
No matter where you are, I'll find you.
I'll keep observing you,
just as you kept observing me.
All right. If that's the choice of Steins Gate.
Now then, Christina.
Would you kindly return it to me?
My first kiss.
Nope.
When we look back at
things someday in the future,
you'll always be here, smiling
Amid the cruel passage of time
we continually sought something:
an invisible light trapped within passing worlds
I could never be open
with the one I had a special love for
Every single day that passed
converted my confusion into a periodic pattern
When we look back at
things someday in the future,
you'll always be here, smiling
People's combined feelings
are what create a world line
No rain can ever drench
the feelings of trust we share
For the observers in the sky,
this sky is proof that there's a tomorrow
Ever since we met that day,
we've been here searching
for something that's important
We know the significance found
in time's indifferent flow
No matter how far the two become separated,
for the observers in the sky,
this sky is proof that there's a tomorrow